#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via langchain-postgres
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via azure-identity
azure-identity==1.25.1
    # via langchain-sqlserver
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
brotli==1.1.0
    # via gradio
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch[vectorstore-mmr]==8.19.1
    # via langchain-elasticsearch
fastapi==0.119.0
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.6.3
    # via gradio
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==5.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.13.3
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-redis
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via redisvl
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-elasticsearch
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-redis
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-elasticsearch==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-redis==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-sqlserver==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via redisvl
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.7.0
    # via yarl
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   qdrant-client
    #   redisvl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.3
    # via gradio
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   sentence-transformers
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.4.1
    # via yarl
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via qdrant-client
psycopg==3.2.10
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg-binary==3.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
    #   redisvl
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-sqlserver
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
python-ulid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   langchain-redis
    #   redisvl
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
redis==6.4.0
    # via redisvl
redisvl==0.9.1
    # via langchain-redis
regex==2025.9.18
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.2.0
    # via typer
ruff==0.14.0
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentence-transformers==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simsimd==6.5.3
    # via elasticsearch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.57.1
    # via sentence-transformers
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typer==0.19.2
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   elasticsearch
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-redis
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   langchain-redis
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via gradio
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
yarl==1.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
